[Music]
cockroaches are unsanitary and annoying
pests that are unwelcome guests in any
home everybody agree okay but the smelly
and expensive pesticides out there on
the market are just as IMPLAN done safe
so ditch the toxic chemicals and try
these 100% natural ways to keep roaches
out of your house for good one know
where and why infestations start before
you go on the offensive you need to know
where your target is right infestations
usually start in the kitchen especially
in those dark hard to clean spaces
behind in under cabinets and appliances
so make sure you keep your kitchen
thoroughly clean before and after
cooking and that no food is left out on
the counters or spilled in the cabinets
roaches are attracted to garbage meat
cheese sugary foods and grease keep that
stuff out of their reach and they
shouldn't show up in the first place but
in case they do there's always number
two bay leaves cockroaches are repulsed
by the smell you probably already have
bay leaves on hand but if not they're
easily found in any grocery store try
tucking them or leaving a clump in those
hard to clean places this method may
take a lot of bay leaves and patience
but it's a nice natural way to send
roaches packing number three garlic or
cayenne powder on that note there are
plenty of spices with strong odors that
repel roaches you can use garlic or
onion powder and sprinkle it in and
around their favorite hangout spots you
might even mix the two together for a
super pungent repellent number four
lemons cut a lemon in half and squeeze
it directly over your surfaces you can
also mix some lemon juice with a little
water in a spray bottle in order to
target those hard-to-reach areas that
cockroaches love so much the lemon juice
will effectively repel these pests and
your kitchen will smell amazing too
an added bonus is that it's also a
natural disinfectant that's crucial
since roaches carry a host of dangerous
bacteria and viruses number five vinegar
with peppermint oil lots of insects
can't stand these two smells roaches
included just fill a medium-sized spray
bottle with mostly vinegar and add
enough drops of peppermint essential oil
so that you can smell it give it a shake
and get to spraying
target your kitchen and bathroom get the
corners of your floors all the nooks and
crannies and roaches won't come anywhere
near your house number six neem oil this
one keeps away a lot of insects and
pests because it contains a certain
chemical that's poisonous to them it's
found in many sprays and lotions but
pure neem oil will really do the trick
hey you might have to spend a little
extra cash but it's still cheaper than
the exterminator you can mix it with
water in a spray solution or just
sprinkle the powder form where need be
number seven soap solution find a soap
that contains borax so that your
solution packs an even better punch
borax is a natural antiseptic and
cleaner that's used in powdered laundry
detergents and disinfecting hand soaps
mix the soap with a little hot water and
spread it thickly on your kitchen
counters and near any infestation points
cockroaches in similar pests breathe
through the pores of their shells and
skin so when they start crawling around
in this soap the borax will get the job
done
number eight catnip your kitty might
love it but the same can't be said about
cockroaches put some fresh catnip leaves
in a sachet you know those little sheer
drawstring bags usually used for
steeping tea or other porous bagged set
them around in the same popular Roach
places cabinets corners and whatnot just
remember to change out the leaves when
needed so that your anti roach balls
keep their potency if you grow catnip in
your garden that's even better since
you'll always have an endless supply on
hand now besides all those DIY natural
treatments there are also
cockroach traps that you can make
yourself with ingredients you likely
have in your kitchen right now once
you've put them together place them in
the spots where you think the roaches
are coming from like nice dark places
for them to look for food and water but
instead of a snack and some hydration
they'll find a number one baking soda
and sugar trap take the smallest dish
you can find it can even be the lid to a
gallon of milk or juice and put a mix of
baking soda and sugar in it in a
one-to-one ratio then set another
equally small container full of water
near it
the sweet sugary smell attracts roaches
so they eat the powder mixture once they
take a drink of water it reacts with the
baking soda and well let's just say the
roaches get a bad case of bubble guts
that they don't walk away from keep
checking your trap clean up around it
and replenish it when necessary number
two duct tape trap cut a sizable strip
of duct tape off of the roll maybe about
the length of your forearm put the strip
sticky side up and fold down each end so
that it's easy to pick up and dispose of
later on you'll also need a bait
remember
besides sweet sugary stuff roaches also
love fatty foods so a small hunk of
cheese or a dollop of peanut butter with
some sugar on top will be perfect place
your bait in the middle of the strip the
idea is that the roaches will go after
the bait and get stuck in the duct tape
on the way just don't use a sweet liquid
as your bait this will dissolve the tape
stickiness number three
slippery jar trap grab an empty pickle
jar or one of similar size and make sure
it is completely clean and dry put some
bait in the bottom like that hunk of
cheese sugary peanut butter or even some
pan grease now spread some petroleum
jelly all over the inside of the jar
especially around the inside of the
mouth the cockroaches will climb in to
go after the bait but they won't be able
to climb back up the slippery surface to
escape you can even make it easier for
them to get into like
hovering the outside of your jar with
painters tape feel free to make several
of these traps and place them throughout
your house number for the coffee trap
grab a clean dry glass jar take a small
styrofoam or plastic cup and fill it
with wet coffee grounds the cup should
be small enough to easily fit in the jar
yet sturdy enough to be unaffected by
water place your small cup of wet coffee
grounds down inside the jar fill the
rest of the jar with water stopping a
little below the surface of the bait cup
roaches are drawn to the smell of coffee
too so they'll climb in after the
grounds but won't be able to get out
since they're not the greatest of
swimmers repeat as necessary and your
population of roaches should eventually
be gone and finally you should recognize
when this infestation is beyond your
control
cockroaches might seem like introverts
hiding in isolated spots and whatnot but
they're actually quite social not just
with you so if you see one or two you
probably have lots more where they came
from
they're probably got whole colonies in
the walls roof tiles sewage system under
the bathtub and anywhere else dark and
out of reach roaches are also nocturnal
so they do most of their scavenging
while you're asleep if you see them
during the day you likely already have a
major problem if you try any of these
natural remedies over time but it
doesn't seem to make a difference then
it's probably high time to call a
professional and if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is click
the left or right video and enjoy stay
on the bright side of life